Add api version (#2107)
cyberark/conjur: CHANGELOG.md

### Security
- Upgrade github-pages in docs/Gemfile to resolve CVE-2021-28834 in kramdown dependency [cyberark/conjur#2099](https://github.com/cyberark/conjur/issues/2099)

### Added

> - New File `API_VERSION` containing the current Conjur API Version to the repository.

Reviewer: we need to link this to the OpenAPI spec - maybe change it to
```suggestion
- File `API_VERSION` containing the current Conjur API Version, which corresponds to a
  release of the [Conjur OpenAPI Spec](https://github.com/cyberark/conjur-openapi-spec).
```

>   release of the [Conjur OpenAPI Spec](https://github.com/cyberark/conjur-openapi-spec).

Reviewer: this also needs the link to the PR: [PR cyberark/conjur#2107](https://github.com/cyberark/conjur/pull/2107)
